docs: troubleshooting backlog items (#9474)
langflow-ai/langflow: docs/docs/Components/bundles-nvidia.mdx

| temperature | Float | Input parameter. The model temperature for embedding generation. Default: `0.1`. |
| embeddings | Embeddings | Output parameter. An `NVIDIAEmbeddings` instance for generating embeddings. |

:::tip Tokenization considerations

> When using NVIDIA embedding models like `nvidia/nv-embed-v1`, you may encounter tokenization errors if your text chunks are too large. Consider using smaller chunk sizes (500 tokens or less) in your text splitting strategy.
> For more information, see [Tokenization errors due to chunk size](/components-processing#chunk-size).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Be aware of your embedding model's chunk size limit.
Tokenization errors can occur if your text chunks are too large. 
For more information, see [Tokenization errors due to chunk size](/components-processing#chunk-size).
```

To minimize maintenance, only put the bare minimum info here.
